write definitions for glossary terms (#26)
kbayraktar/kbayraktar.github.io: te_markdown/terminology.md

## Glossary

<a name="application-mapping"></a>Application Mapping
: A set of platform- or application-specific [test steps](#test-step), mapped to concrete actions to be performed for testing, that are implemented in [test fixtures](#test-fixture).

<a name="application-mapping-language"></a>Application Mapping Language (AML)

> : A language used by [testers](#tester) to define platform- or application-specific [test steps](#test-step), and by [developers](#developers) to map these steps to the concrete actions to be performed for testing, implemented in [test fixtures](#test-fixture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A language used by [testers](#tester) to define the platform- or application-specific vocabulary for the [test steps](#test-step), and by [developers](#developers) to map these steps to the concrete actions to be performed for testing, implemented in [test fixtures](#test-fixture).
```

<a name="domain-expert"></a>Domain Expert
: A user of the [software under test](#software-under-test), or other stakeholder, who has a deep understanding of the problem domain. Domain experts specify what they expect the system to do and how it should behave, using the [test specification language (TSL)](#test-specification-language).

<a name="developer"></a>Developer

> : A person who is involved in the development of the [software under test](#software-under-test). Developers execute user acceptance tests described with the [test case language (TCL)](#test-case-language) to check their progress with each development increment, and to validate their implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A person who is involved in the development of the [software under test](#software-under-test). User acceptance tests described with the [test case language (TCL)](#test-case-language) are continuously executed during the development process to check the progress with each development increment, and to validate the implementation.
```

<a name="test-case"></a>Test Case
: A user acceptance test defined in terms of a sequence of [test steps](#test-step) to be executed, and expressed using the [test case language (TCL)](#test-case-language).

<a name="test-case-language"></a>Test Case Language (TCL)
: A language used by [testers](#tester) to implement [test cases](#test-case) conforming to [test specifications](#test-specification), by defining the necessary, concrete [test steps](#test-step) for automatic execution.

<a name="test-editor-web"></a>Test-Editor-Web
: An application dedicated to automate the tip of the testing pyramid—acceptance testing—to enable automated product releases and provide confidence in reliable product operation. Designed to bridge the gap between [domain experts](#domain-expert), [testers](#tester), and [developers](#developer), Test-Editor-Web is a modern application that integrates well with container technologies. See (Overview)[#overview] for a description of its user interface components and functions.

<a name="test-fixture"></a>Test Fixture

> : A software library that implements concrete actions, specific to the platform and technology stack of a given [software under test](#software-under-test), to be performed during test execution. [Developers](#developer) use [application mappings](#application-mapping) to bind [test-steps](#test-step) to test fixture logic. Out of the box, [Test-Editor-Web](#test-editor-web) comes with fixtures that enable the testing of _web_ applications, in particular _Angular_ applications, _REST_ services, _Java Swing_ applications, and mainframe applications through _3270 terminal emulation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A software library that implements concrete actions, specific to the platform and technology stack of a given [software under test](#software-under-test), to be performed during test execution. [Developers](#developer) use [application mappings](#application-mapping) to bind [test-steps](#test-step) to fixture logic. Out of the box, [Test-Editor-Web](#test-editor-web) comes with fixtures that enable the testing of _web_ applications, in particular _Angular_ applications, _REST_ services, _Java Swing_ applications, and mainframe applications through _3270 terminal emulation_.
```

<a name="test-specification"></a>Test Specification
: A usage scenario describing an interaction with the [software under test](#software-under-test), written by [domain experts](#domain-expert) to express desired system behaviors in a testable manner.

<a name="test-specification-language"></a>Test Specification Language (TSL)
: A language used by [domain experts](#domain-expert) to write [test specifications](#test-specification) of desired system behaviors. [Testers](#tester) refer to TSL [artifacts](test-artifact) when implementing them as [test cases](#test-case), using the [test case language](#test-case-language).

<a name="test-step"></a>Test Step

> : A single, automatable step taken as part of a test executed against the [software under test](#software-under-test). In [test cases](#test-case) conforming to [test specifications](#test-specification), each [specification step](#specification-step) may be implemented by arbitrarily many test steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A single, automatable step taken as part of a test executed against the [software under test](#software-under-test). In [test cases](#test-case) conforming to [test specifications](#test-specification), each [specification step](#specification-step) may be implemented by arbitray many test steps.
```

Author: I assume you meant to write "arbitrary", but I think we should use an adverb here (even though "many" isn't really a verb – but its also not a noun, obviously, so I don't know…).
